vn/edu/usth/pj/SearchActivity/Search_Adapter.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SearchActivity.Search_Adapter
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SearchActivity.Search_Adapter$1
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SearchActivity.Search_Adapter$ViewHolder
vn/edu/usth/pj/databinding/ActivitySearchBinding.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.databinding.ActivitySearchBinding
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/news/Coordinates__1.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.news.Coordinates__1
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/tfa/Timestamp.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.tfa.Timestamp
vn/edu/usth/pj/SearchActivity/Searching_Activity.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SearchActivity.Searching_Activity
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SearchActivity.Searching_Activity$1
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SearchActivity.Searching_Activity$2
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/onthisday/Coordinates__2.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.onthisday.Coordinates__2
vn/edu/usth/pj/databinding/SettingsActivityBinding.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.databinding.SettingsActivityBinding
vn/edu/usth/pj/Database/History/HistoryDAO.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.Database.History.HistoryDAO
vn/edu/usth/pj/Database/Saved/SavedDatabase.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.Database.Saved.SavedDatabase
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/image/Image__1.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.image.Image__1
vn/edu/usth/pj/ActionAPI/API_CER.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.ActionAPI.API_CER
vn/edu/usth/pj/databinding/SearchresultLayoutBinding.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.databinding.SearchresultLayoutBinding
vn/edu/usth/pj/SettingsActivity.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SettingsActivity
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment$1
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment$2
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/onthisday/Thumbnail__4.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.onthisday.Thumbnail__4
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/onthisday/Titles__2.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.onthisday.Titles__2
vn/edu/usth/pj/ArticleActivity/Container/Parse.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.ArticleActivity.Container.Parse
vn/edu/usth/pj/BuildConfig.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.BuildConfig
vn/edu/usth/pj/databinding/FragmentSettingBinding.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.databinding.FragmentSettingBinding
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/tfa/Originalimage.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.tfa.Originalimage
vn/edu/usth/pj/ArticleActivity/Article.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.ArticleActivity.Article
 vn.edu.usth.pj.ArticleActivity.Article$1
 vn.edu.usth.pj.ArticleActivity.Article$2
 vn.edu.usth.pj.ArticleActivity.Article$3
 vn.edu.usth.pj.ArticleActivity.Article$4
 vn.edu.usth.pj.ArticleActivity.Article$5
vn/edu/usth/pj/ActionAPI/WikiMainPage/Parse.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.ActionAPI.WikiMainPage.Parse
vn/edu/usth/pj/databinding/TopreadLayoutBinding.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.databinding.TopreadLayoutBinding
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/mostread/Thumbnail__1.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.mostread.Thumbnail__1
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/onthisday/Timestamp__2.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.onthisday.Timestamp__2
vn/edu/usth/pj/MainActivity/Fragment/Explore/Explore.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Explore.Explore
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Explore.Explore$1
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Explore.Explore$1$1
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Explore.Explore$2
vn/edu/usth/pj/Database/History/History.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.Database.History.History
vn/edu/usth/pj/MainActivity/ViewPagerAdapter.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.ViewPagerAdapter
vn/edu/usth/pj/databinding/ActivityPageBinding.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.databinding.ActivityPageBinding
vn/edu/usth/pj/MainActivity/Fragment/Account.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Account
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Account$1
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/REST_BASE.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.REST_BASE
vn/edu/usth/pj/ArticleActivity/Container/Contain.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.ArticleActivity.Container.Contain
vn/edu/usth/pj/SearchActivity/Query.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SearchActivity.Query
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/news/Titles__1.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.news.Titles__1
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/news/Timestamp__1.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.news.Timestamp__1
vn/edu/usth/pj/ArticleActivity/Container/Section.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.ArticleActivity.Container.Section
vn/edu/usth/pj/databinding/FragmentSavedBinding.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.databinding.FragmentSavedBinding
vn/edu/usth/pj/SplashActivity.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SplashActivity
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SplashActivity$1
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/Example.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.Example
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/mostread/Article.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.mostread.Article
vn/edu/usth/pj/SearchActivity/Pageprops.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SearchActivity.Pageprops
vn/edu/usth/pj/ActionAPI/WikiMainPage/MainPage.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.ActionAPI.WikiMainPage.MainPage
vn/edu/usth/pj/SearchActivity/Example.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SearchActivity.Example
vn/edu/usth/pj/SearchActivity/Thumbnail.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SearchActivity.Thumbnail
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Service2.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Service2
vn/edu/usth/pj/MainActivity/Fragment/Search/Search.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Search.Search
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Search.Search$1
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Search.Search$2
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Search.Search$2$1
vn/edu/usth/pj/databinding/SavedLayoutBinding.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.databinding.SavedLayoutBinding
vn/edu/usth/pj/databinding/NewsLayoutBinding.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.databinding.NewsLayoutBinding
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/tfa/Titles.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.tfa.Titles
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/onthisday/Onthisday.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.onthisday.Onthisday
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/tfa/Tfa.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.tfa.Tfa
vn/edu/usth/pj/Database/History/HistoryDatabase.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.Database.History.HistoryDatabase
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/API_REST.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.API_REST
vn/edu/usth/pj/databinding/HistoryLayoutBinding.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.databinding.HistoryLayoutBinding
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/image/Image.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.image.Image
vn/edu/usth/pj/ActionAPI/Article/Parse.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.ActionAPI.Article.Parse
vn/edu/usth/pj/databinding/ActivityPage2Binding.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.databinding.ActivityPage2Binding
vn/edu/usth/pj/MainActivity/Fragment/Saved/Saved.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Saved.Saved
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Saved.Saved$1
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/news/News.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.news.News
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/onthisday/Originalimage__2.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.onthisday.Originalimage__2
vn/edu/usth/pj/SearchActivity/Varianttitles.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SearchActivity.Varianttitles
vn/edu/usth/pj/ActionAPI/Article/ArticleFM.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.ActionAPI.Article.ArticleFM
vn/edu/usth/pj/MainActivity/Fragment/Saved/SavedAdapter.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Saved.SavedAdapter
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Saved.SavedAdapter$1
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Saved.SavedAdapter$ViewHolder
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/news/Link.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.news.Link
vn/edu/usth/pj/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/tfa/Coordinates.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.tfa.Coordinates
vn/edu/usth/pj/SearchActivity/Page.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SearchActivity.Page
vn/edu/usth/pj/ActionAPI/RetrofitAPI.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.ActionAPI.RetrofitAPI
vn/edu/usth/pj/databinding/FragmentExploreBinding.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.databinding.FragmentExploreBinding
vn/edu/usth/pj/Database/Saved/Saved.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.Database.Saved.Saved
vn/edu/usth/pj/databinding/FragmentSearchBinding.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.databinding.FragmentSearchBinding
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/image/Thumbnail__3.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.image.Thumbnail__3
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/onthisday/Page.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.onthisday.Page
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/news/Originalimage__1.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.news.Originalimage__1
vn/edu/usth/pj/ActionAPI/Service.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.ActionAPI.Service
vn/edu/usth/pj/Database/Saved/SaveDAO.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.Database.Saved.SaveDAO
vn/edu/usth/pj/SearchActivity/Continue.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.SearchActivity.Continue
vn/edu/usth/pj/databinding/FragmentAccountBinding.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.databinding.FragmentAccountBinding
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/mostread/Mostread.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.mostread.Mostread
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/news/Thumbnail__2.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.news.Thumbnail__2
vn/edu/usth/pj/MainActivity/Fragment/Explore/Adapter/News_Adapter.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Explore.Adapter.News_Adapter
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Explore.Adapter.News_Adapter$ViewHolder
vn/edu/usth/pj/MainActivity/MainActivity.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.MainActivity
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.MainActivity$1
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.MainActivity$2
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.MainActivity$2$1
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.MainActivity$3
vn/edu/usth/pj/MainActivity/Fragment/Search/History/HistoryAdapter.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Search.History.HistoryAdapter
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Search.History.HistoryAdapter$1
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Search.History.HistoryAdapter$ViewHolder
vn/edu/usth/pj/databinding/DesignBinding.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.databinding.DesignBinding
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/tfa/Thumbnail.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.tfa.Thumbnail
vn/edu/usth/pj/MainActivity/Fragment/Explore/Adapter/TopRead_Adapter.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Explore.Adapter.TopRead_Adapter
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Explore.Adapter.TopRead_Adapter$1
 vn.edu.usth.pj.MainActivity.Fragment.Explore.Adapter.TopRead_Adapter$ViewHolder
vn/edu/usth/pj/databinding/SplashBinding.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.databinding.SplashBinding
vn/edu/usth/pj/RestAPI/Explore/image/Description.java
 vn.edu.usth.pj.RestAPI.Explore.image.Description
